Ability to update core URL without mf url change (#1111)
SAP/luigi: docs/navigation-parameters-reference.md

### virtualTree
- **type**: boolean

> - **description**: marks the node as the beginning of a virtual tree. Allows navigation to any of its children's paths without the need of specifying nested children. The path that comes after the node marked as **virtualTree** is appended to its **viewUrl**. [**keepSelectedForChildren**](#keepSelectedForChildren) is automatically applied. This feature is often used in combination with [**LinkManager().withoutSync().navigate**](luigi-client-api.md#withoutsync) to be able to keep a microfrontend's existing router links.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **description**: marks the node as the beginning of a virtual tree. Allows navigation to any of its children's paths without the need of specifying nested children. The path that comes after the node marked as **virtualTree** is appended to its **viewUrl**. [**keepSelectedForChildren**](#keepSelectedForChildren) is automatically applied. This feature is often used in combination with [LinkManager().withoutSync().navigate](luigi-client-api.md#withoutsync) to be able to keep a micro frontend's existing router links.
```
